data/twitter-v0/README.md, before:

# TREC-Microblog-Datasets
TREC Microblog 2011-2014 Datasets. More details in:

## Dataset Description
- a.toks: query file, one line per query
- b.toks: document file, one line per tweet
- sim.txt: relevance judgements, 0 or 1
- url.txt: URLs contained in the tweet, one line per tweet
- id.txt: the originial run using Query Likelihood (QL), which also provides the query id, tweet id, etc.

IDF (inverse document frequency) files:
- word n-grams: https://drive.google.com/open?id=0B1EhxQ7GBJdsZTVmcFVMcDY1RWM
- character n-grams: https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B1EhxQ7GBJdsbXdROGZQYzV5cFU/view

To use it:
```
$ word_weights = json.load(open("collection_word_idf.json" "r"))
$ word_weights['unigram']['hello']
$ word_weights['bigram']['hello world']

$ char_weights = json.load(open("collection_char_idf.json" "r"))
$ char_weights['3gram']['hel']
$ char_weights['6gram']['hello ']
$ char_weights['9gram']['hello wor']
```

## TREC_EVAL
```
$ tar -xvzf trec_eval.8.1.tar.gz
$ cd trec_eval.8.1
$ make
$ ./trec_eval ../data/qrels.microblog2011-2014.txt ../data/trec-2011/id.txt
```
This should return the original QL score on TREC 2011 dataset (MAP: 0.3576, P30: 0.4000).

## Reference
If you are using this dataset, please kindly cite the paper below:
```
@article{rao2019multi,
  title={Multi-Perspective Relevance Matching with Hierarchical ConvNets for Social Media Search},
  author={Rao, Jinfeng and Yang, Wei and Zhang, Yuhao and Ture, Ferhan and Lin, Jimmy},
  journal={Proceedings of the Thirty-Third AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence (AAAI)},
  year={2019}
}
```

Commit message:

Update dataset descriptions of tweet timestamps

data/twitter-v0/README.md, after:

# TREC-Microblog-Datasets
TREC Microblog 2011-2014 Datasets. More details in:

## Dataset Description
- a.toks: query file, one line per query
- b.toks: document file, one line per tweet
- sim.txt: relevance judgements, 0 or 1
- url.txt: URLs contained in the tweet, one line per tweet
- id.txt: the originial run using Query Likelihood (QL), which also provides the query id, tweet id, etc.

IDF (inverse document frequency) files:
- word n-grams: https://drive.google.com/open?id=0B1EhxQ7GBJdsZTVmcFVMcDY1RWM
- character n-grams: https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B1EhxQ7GBJdsbXdROGZQYzV5cFU/view

To use it:
```
$ word_weights = json.load(open("collection_word_idf.json" "r"))
$ word_weights['unigram']['hello']
$ word_weights['bigram']['hello world']

$ char_weights = json.load(open("collection_char_idf.json" "r"))
$ char_weights['3gram']['hel']
$ char_weights['6gram']['hello ']
$ char_weights['9gram']['hello wor']
```

## TREC_EVAL
```
$ tar -xvzf trec_eval.8.1.tar.gz
$ cd trec_eval.8.1
$ make
$ ./trec_eval ../data/qrels.microblog2011-2014.txt ../data/trec-2011/id.txt
```
This should return the original QL score on TREC 2011 dataset (MAP: 0.3576, P30: 0.4000).

## Timestamps
The folder `order_by_time` contains timestamp information for each tweet. You shall find an 1-to-1 mapping between tweet id and its timestamp in `id.txt`.

## Reference
If you are using this dataset, please kindly cite the paper below:
```
@article{rao2019multi,
  title={Multi-Perspective Relevance Matching with Hierarchical ConvNets for Social Media Search},
  author={Rao, Jinfeng and Yang, Wei and Zhang, Yuhao and Ture, Ferhan and Lin, Jimmy},
  journal={Proceedings of the Thirty-Third AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence (AAAI)},
  year={2019}
}
```
